


Looks
    should we remove sage as an email ref?
    Markdown
        references -- >> and >>>
        "replies list" on the post -- will need a many to many from posts to itself and will require parsing the text and pulling out references.
    Wordfilter
    Mobile formatting
    banners
    thumbnail expansion
    Thread titles (in actual html title)
    Board taglines
    Other styles! just port over the colors probably
        Add in a way for the user to swap styles
    Our own icon for deleted files
    Error pages
    Spoiler images
    Theme support

Other Features
    text-only board (different looks, and no file uploads)
    passwords / file deletion
    locked, stickied
        icons
    max threadcount per board option
    Webm support
    autosage after a bump count -- enable from the admin page
    Catalog
    Staff tags
    Moderator moderating -- logs, per board permissions
    reports
    Bans
        may be difficult. look into how others have done this. -- also timing, per board, etc.
    Moving threads and posts
    Support for other databases -- including flat ones so that people can run this wherever they want with as little setup as possible
    Splitting boards between services?
    API -- Make sure this is compatible with the apis for tinyboard / vichan
    deleting boards
    Stateless everything!
        Currently auth and csrf are stateful

Input cleanup
    posts which are too long (too many lines)
    check for max file size, dimensions, etc.
    very long filenames (we cut off at 255) and how to display them
    -- How are we currently dealing with very long posts in terms of characters? We should check our max length stuff and also add it to the content error checker.
    Generally check everywhere we use user input. What about only whitespace etc etc.
    Stop too large of input at multiple places (starting at the form)

Security
    owasp checking (all of them)
    Different image formats
    Captcha
    Tripcode
        secure tripcode
    Roles are authorized to do different things -- might want to leave for when we do env stuff
    Robust logging

Efficiency Stuff
    caching sql queries / http queries ??? check what we can do in this space
        cache the board response from the nav bar sql query
    Refactoring sql queries
        Would it be better to have a primary id reference for all posts to speed up queries?
        check for what can be indexed and what can be brought out into a second table
        make sure pagination is done right
        The insert trigger is really expensive I think. Profile adding a bunch of random data.

            insert into threads (board_id)
            select 1                      
            from generate_series(1, 1000000);
            insert into posts (is_primary, thread_id, content)
            select true, i, md5(random()::text)
            from generate_series(1, 1000000) s(i);

            kouyou_dev=# explain analyze insert into posts (is_primary, thread_id, content)
            select
                true, i, md5(random()::text)
            from generate_series(1, 10000) s(i);
                                                                        QUERY PLAN                                                               
            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Insert on posts  (cost=0.00..375.00 rows=10000 width=673) (actual time=57156.434..57156.434 rows=0 loops=1)
            ->  Subquery Scan on "*SELECT*"  (cost=0.00..375.00 rows=10000 width=673) (actual time=0.504..88.180 rows=10000 loops=1)
                    ->  Function Scan on generate_series s  (cost=0.00..200.00 rows=10000 width=37) (actual time=0.465..38.446 rows=10000 loops=1)
            Planning Time: 0.046 ms
            Trigger for constraint thread_to_posts: time=85.878 calls=10000
            Trigger for constraint media_to_post: time=10.975 calls=10000
            Trigger for constraint thumbnail_to_post: time=6.524 calls=10000
        !!  Trigger post_increment: time=56935.364 calls=10000
            Trigger tie_primary_to_thread: time=318.789 calls=10000
            Execution Time: 57581.569 ms
            (10 rows)

            -- This has been changed to be twice as fast, but we should look up how to make this even faster. (requires two table lookups, maybe make this 1. Can we "cache" some of the results?)


    checking for the same image upload
    compressed database storage of images

Code readability and patterns
    css refactor
        make sure that we are writing the minimum number of styles -- for instance what can we inherit from the parent instead of writing in the child
        group together all similar / related styles
        Pull out everything integral to the base style and leave everything else to the coloring styles
    factor out all the calls to error-page
        Is there a way to propagate this error upward instead of calling the function ourselves? What about throwing it? Is this "anti-functional"
    generally refactor all our functions - make sure that they're as modular and small as possible and that they're in the right files
        Also make sure they're all idiomatic
    unify all return and argument types (some take maps, some take values, some return maps, some return values etc.)
    Add function comments !!!!!
    Add some test functions actually
    Delete everything un-used
        middleware/wrap-formats ???
    have the get and post targets be the same for threads and replies
    make sure all indenting is 4 spaces, no whitespace at the end of lines, and every file has an extra line of whitespace at the end
    Should post acceptors like create-thread-and-primary! give a 4xx page? I think they should give a 4xx response with no html. --- They should also likely be moved to the shallower file (out of routes)
    Templating for manage pages. Shouldn't have a different html for every action I don't think.
        Start with the edit/create board

Maybe stuff
    Tor -- probably not
    RSS -- maybe not
    post editing -- later
    file deletion -- later (see above)
    recovering deleted posts -- raises questions about the database
    Post search by ID and UID -- ??? Nah
    API for posting (instead of just reading) -- hmmmmm

3. Pagination
    a. 404 on large page number (page not in page-range or similar idea) --- we really need to unify all these errors. Something like propagating the errors up to a single handler.
        i. Let's save this for the refactor
4. Admin Page
    b. basic authentication --- ugh
        i. Have basic auth and then later upgrade it
    c. User creation for high enough authorization
5. What do we want to do about the routing?
    a. do we want it to just be website/nick/ or is website/boards/nick ok?
    b. how do we want to deal with routing to textboards?
    c. is /res/id the best way to do this? and should we 404 on non-primary ids?
        i. Single url for a single resource is the sensible thing to do
6. Think about env variables and how to make them work -- will be set both manually and through the admin page
7. Figure out what we want to have accomplished before we run through and do all the refactoring and efficiency stuff and then publish it.
    a. Certainly all security and input cleanup points
        i. except maybe captcha for now
    b. Certainly references in the post (might want to do together with markup)
        i. yes listing references.
    c. Should probably do a deep comparison from ours to futaba, heyuri, and wakaba to see where our formatting is wrong and where we can improve.
    d. make a barebones rules page and homepage using markup that explains how to use the software and explains the markup language so others can use it.
        i. Or even better, have the routes dynamically updated from any markdown files so that the users can make them on their own -- relatively static. Maybe even update them from the admin pannel.
    e. Write up a readme
        i. figure out deployment and docker
    f. Profiling
        i. Fill the database with lots of fake data and do performance testing of the queries and if the pages load correctly/quickly from the user's perspective.
        ii. Analyze (the query) the sql queries on the large database to see if any of them are slow
        iii. Look at times for page generation and see if we can use spyglass to help reduce runtime
    g. Logging
    h. any lingering todos -- There are a million of these. Before doing this, go looking for them and preface them all with TODO so that they are easy to search for. 
    i. Stickies, Locks, Autosages
    j. Redirect manage / login
        i. Add cookie crumbs for manage pages
    Image elements do not have explicit width and height -- This should come with the database refactor as the connection between posts/media/thumbnails needs some work.
    !!!!!! p168. Note that we’re using a db transaction in create-user! to ensure that our queries are performed atomically
        ooops, let's look to see which transactions need to be atomic
